[laughs] Another win
for the greatest spy on earth.
Lana? Win toast?
It's 9:00 in the morning.
Yeah, and champagne is like
the breakfast of alcohols.
Congratulations, team.
Your success has given
your company great buzz.
-"Roomful of bees" buzz.
-Bees with buzz cuts.
-Swarming Buzz Aldrin.
-That's a lot of buzz.
And Robert's sizable donation
to the environmental fund didn't hurt.
Arguably, it did most of the work.
That's a heavy check
doing some heavy lifting.
But still…
-great buzz.
-Great buzz.
I notice you say "buzz,"
but we hired you for job offers.
Don't worry.
You are top of mind for many stakeholders.
You just need a splashy success.
-Not that this wasn't a success.
-But it was a normal success.
-And now we get splashy.
-Cannonball!
I'm sorry, saving an entire plane
from hijackers isn't splashy?
Buzz is also saying that was like 80…
-Eighty-five.
-…percent an accident.
That last 15% was all me.
[groans] Sorry. All me
-with an assist from my supporting cast.
-[groans]
Anyway, keep up the good work!
And remember, leap without a net.
Alton, where's your parachute?
-Oh, boy. If my head wasn't attached…
-[laughs]
-Useless.
-[laughs] Speak of the devil.
Guys, I found something amazing.
I was reorganizing our old filing system,
and discovered we have an open contract.
Something about ongoing service
for high-sensitivity
battery replacement in London.
Oh, goodness.
I haven't thought about that in years.
-So, you gonna…
-Shh, shh, shh.
I'm remembering.
[door opens]
-[Pam] We talking beefcake?
-This is a closed meeting.
Duh-hoy. Why do you think
we wanted in here so bad?
Now give me dem deets.
Fine, the man is Cornelius Varma,
great-grandnephew
of the Indian maharani of Travancore.
He had the physique of a tawny Adonis,
and the nimblest fingers you've ever--
-Okay, Mother. We get it.
-I'm referring to the way he placed bugs.
Jesus, I don't need to know
what you call it.
-Wait, why were you bugging the British?
-It was a different time.
-1812?
-Cyril, you were saying?
Well, according to the case file,
if the batteries are replaced,
the bug will release a code.
If we transmit the code to the account
where the money is held--
-Dollar, dollar bills, y'all?
-Bingo.
Not flying to England
to change a battery for 20 bucks.
-It's pounds, Lana.
-You know what I meant.
I know how to finish my insults.
Geezy Pete. I just checked
the battery bank account.
With interest, it's currently holding
over a million dollars.
-What?
-That's cute.
I think you're going to need an assist
from someone who knows the territory.
Someone who, if need be,
can call on an important ally in a pinch.
"And who's that," he said,
dread creeping into his voice?
["God Save The Queen" playing]
Was the catsuit really necessary?
For me? No.
It's more for the public.
-Ah.
-[groans] Still got it.
Thank you, Sterling.
And by it, I mean this image,
burned into my retinas
till the end of time.
Lucky boy.
[coughing]
Geez, this place is as dusty as a… a…
A desert in a sandstorm?
My signed oath to do no harm?
-Eleanor Roosevelt's vagina?
-Aw, sad if true.
Stop. I would have had something.
Lana got in my head.
-Not really a challenge.
-Pardon me. Delivery for Lana Kane?
Damn it, Krieger, I thought you told me
this place was secure.
-I told you, or you thought I told you?
-[groans]
-Just leave them by the door.
-Right, then.
Nope, take them back.
If Robert thinks for one second
that a handful of glorified weeds
can make up for what he said to me,
he is more mistaken than--
You were for marrying him?
-Ha! I'm back, baby!
-[Malory] Focus.
According to our records,
the bug was still active
until the battery went out
three years ago.
Since it was powered down,
there's a good chance
it hasn't been picked up by sweeps.
So, here's how we retrieve it.
Sterling and Lana,
you'll be making ingress…
[Archer] I don't know
if we'll have time for that.
[Lana] Uh, not what it means.
[Malory] …through the second-story window.
Cyril, you'll stay on the ground
and monitor the area for reinforcements.
-Try not to eat anything important.
-This is my last one forever.
You talking to us,
or the ten bars in your pocket?
Pam and Cheryl, you'll surveil
from the square across the street,
blending in as--
[both, in British accent]
Fancy English ladies.
My hat is huge.
You know, we British invented giant hats
as a way to temper an overly
aggressive pigeon population.
-Wait!
-[yelps]
[in normal voice] Is that true?
Meanwhile,
I'll be in the van with Krieger,
running the entire show
with immaculate precision.
Just like the Rockettes. Jazz legs!
-Once you're in position--
-Postcoital.
[Lana] Post-ingress.
-Same thing.
-It's not.
[Malory]
Krieger will jam the alarm system.
-What about the bug?
-Some of my best work.
-Not bad, Mother.
-I modeled the breasts on my own.
Is it possible for you to just not?
And you'll be happy to know,
they're still a dead match.
I was happier before I knew.
So how do we get the code off the bug?
I whipped a little something up.
Sorry, do you have anything bigger?
Dude, this is ancient tech.
It doesn't interface with anything modern.
-And the giant flashing lights?
-Those are for me.
Got the code.
[Malory] Good. Now rub the center
of my breasts to reactivate.
-What?
-Sorry, the breasts.
I'm terrified of crossing a societal taboo
that exists for a reason.
Oh, my God.
-Was that so hard?
-[Cyril] No.
You're not just
some sugar-guzzling self-flagellater.
You're part of an elite spy team.
Case in point.
I've got someone on approach.
He's looking right at me.
Now he's waving at me.
And I'm waving back? Hello.
[sighs] I think that went really well.
-No, no, no. Bad news.
-What is it?
My jamming of the alarm system
is itself being jammed.
-It's a classic double jam!
-So the alarm is reactivated?
Sterling, get out of there!
Oh, wait, now he's picking up a rock.
Yep, he's throwing the rock. Oh!
He almost hit that security camera.
-And now I'm waving at it. Cheerio.
-[alarm blaring]
For once I feel comfortable
saying that wasn't me.
Run, you dimwits!
[Lana] Cyril,
you were supposed to watch the street,
not your goddamn candy bar!
I was. And I didn't.
I put the candy bar away.
It was a really big moment.
Well, thanks to you,
our next big moment is British jail,
which is probably pretty nice.
[alarm continues blaring]
-[fabric rips]
-Ah!
-This day was going so--
-Characteristically unwell?
-Ow!
-Shit, did that hurt?
-Get the suitcase, asshole.
-Right, right, yeah. Of course.
Mission update. We failed, and Lana
got punched by some sort of magician.
A suspect has been identified
in the late-night break-in
at Number 10 Downing Street.
[in British accent] Darling,
did you have to look straight on?
Like his profile's any better. [giggles]
Malory, please. It was a mistake
any of us could have made.
[news anchor] Some speculate
that the burglar is American,
due to the American candy wrapper
found at the scene.
If the US government is involved,
it would mark the first hostile exchange
between the two countries
since the War of 1812.
Does this count as splashy?
Okay, team, no need to panic.
Let's just take stock of where we are.
-Well, the suitcase is gone.
-Along with our payday.
Cyril, stop talking about
candy bars, you Zero.
Wait, I can do better.
The Three Musketeers
would pay a Bounty of 100 Grand
to send you to Mars.
Boom, Score.
Is no one even gonna Snicker at that?
Oh, just kill me.
If it wouldn't attract more attention,
I would have already.
Now stand in the corner
and look at the ground.
I want options, people.
-I did put a tracker on the suitcase.
-[all] What?
I also put a receiver in the tracker
so it can record data from the bug.
So we just bugged
the British prime minister? [laughs]
It really is 1812.
Lana and Sterling, track down the thief
and secure the suitcase.
Take Idiot One and Idiot Two as lookouts.
[in British accent] Mummy wants us
to go on an outing. How exciting!
Indubitably.
A truly professional outfit.
[gasps] The gentleman's
complimented our hats.
-Well, this won't get old.
-And the lady's a right old crank.
-And Cyril?
-Yes?
-I have a plan for you after all.
-[gulps]
[Lana] According to Krieger's tracker,
the suitcase-napper is keeping
to crowded public spaces.
Suitcase-napper?
What is he, a nursery rhyme villain?
-Or whoever. Who do you think he is?
-An IIA agent, probably.
Why don't we save time
and intercept him at their headquarters?
Because, genius,
there's no IIA headquarters in London.
Well, that's inconvenient.
Hi, guys. My tracking device tells me
he's 300 feet ahead of you.
Time to nap the napper.
See, Lana? See how stupid that sounds?
Pam, Cheryl. Do you have eyes?
[in British accent] Neither hide nor hair.
'Tis like an apparition fair.
Miss Cornish, Miss Worcestershire,
your table is ready.
I shall ring if I see him. Ta-ta.
You know, we Brits
spike our tea with opium.
That's why it's called "high tea."
-Nuh-uh.
-Look it up.
-[rumbling]
-Wait!
-[gasps]
-Thanks.
These wretched servants
come out of nowhere!
I think Mother's right
about cutting their salaries.
Whatever. It can't be that hard
to spot a Black guy in an English crowd.
Damn it, London's actually really diverse.
Wait, there.
Krieger, I've got him in sight.
Stand by for apprehension.
Archer, I'll cross, you cover. Archer?
Look, Lana, British tchotchkes.
-Will you pay attention?
-I can pay attention and shop.
Two pounds? You wish.
Actually, is that a lot?
-I'm not clear on the exchange rate.
-I found the guy.
-Where?
-What the--
Man, this guy's like Houdini.
Meaning he hopped in a cab
while you weren't looking?
-While you weren't looking.
-I was looking. At tchotchkes.
You aren't going to turn me
into fertilizer, are you?
Please, your candy-infused blood
would kill anything
it came in contact with.
Ouch, but point taken.
What's with all these
overly decorative pests?
-You mean butterflies?
-Kill them as caterpillars, I say.
So we aren't here to murder me,
and we're clearly not here
to enjoy this beautiful garden.
So what are we doing?
We're meeting Cornelius Varma.
The beefcake from 50 years ago?
The ultimate agent.
He'll fix your mess,
-and then maybe make a mess out of me.
-Yeesh.
[gasps] Malory!
Brilliant of you to come.
I think I need to talk to your son.
-Maybe grandson?
-[laughs]
Poppet, come on, it's me.
Your beefcake turned into beef jerky.
Oh, eat a gumdrop.
[Cheryl in British accent]
Look, there's the Ravenmaster.
Legend has it that
if the ravens ever leave this tower,
the British Empire will crumble.
Heavens to Murgatroyd.
What a frightful thought.
-Hey! What the--
-Take that, you wankers!
-The hell?
-The ravens are androids.
-Guards!
-Wait!
-'Tis a dangerous country.
-What are we supposed to be doing?
Pick up the phone.
[sighs] Pam's not answering.
More bad news. The shop wouldn't
exchange the key chain you broke.
More, more bad news.
The suitcase is on the move.
-Oh, bill me.
-Can I also bill you for a memory?
Because this one is ruined.
Hello, hello. What modeling agency
might I be dropping you off at, love?
[laughs] Oh, you're too kind.
-It's actually a porn shoot.
-Bugger me.
That's actually the title of the porno.
Our friend will direct you to the studio.
[Krieger] Howdy, howdy.
-Careful, he might think you're fun.
-I am fun.
-Ha!
-"Ha" what?
She grumbled, not understanding
the sound of human laughter.
What are you talking about?
It's like rule number one
of our group dynamic, Lana,
that you're not, and have never been, fun.
No, rule number one is,
"Don't tell Pam a secret."
Fine. Rule number two then.
-Are we close?
-Nope.
[Cornelius] And here we are.
Wheat germ sandwiches
and decaffeinated tea.
Good for the sciatica.
Cornelius, we're on a bit of a schedule.
My intelligence said
you were still an active agent.
Wrong on both counts, I'm afraid.
Bad knee and bad business,
ever since IIA took over.
How are you faring?
-Thriving.
-We're broke.
You want my advice? Make a deal with IIA.
Pocket a few quid for bugging
the prime minister, and retire.
Close down?
Like some pathetic independent bookstore?
It's less dreadful than you may think.
We're both getting old, poppet.
And they can pry my agency
from my dead, grenade-holding fingers.
You sound very American.
I sound like you used to.
Remember why we got into this?
To bring down the powerful.
No one could afford
not to be afraid of us.
And in that way, we were truly free.
Hmm. [laughs]
You haven't changed a bit.
-And I never intend to.
-Very well, then.
I'll contact my people to see if
we can dig up anything on your IIA agent.
But, Mal, I'd like you to do
something for me in return.
Fine, but keep it over the shirt.
[Lana] That's your example
of me not being fun?
Oh, I have more.
Like the time you made me
change two diapers in one day.
For your own child.
Then the time you made me
not sleep with that diplomat's wife.
And the time you made me
not sleep with that czar's wife.
-And the time you made me not sleep with--
-These are examples of you being a dick.
[Archer]
And frankly, Lana, you responded poorly.
Because you're no fun.
What about the time in Sicily
when we got pegged as agents,
and I round-house
kicked a bouncer in the face?
-How is that fun?
-I was wearing kitten heels.
Krieger, are we getting close?
Oh, God, no.
The target is at the British Library.
What? That's like two miles away.
How is he moving so fast?
On the plus side, it looks like
Cheryl and Pam are right on top of him.
You can't hide your secrets forever.
I know about the magic books, I does!
[in normal voice]
Damn, you're heavy for a skinny girl.
[Lana] Pam,
the target is running right past you.
-Who?
-[Archer] The spy, Pam. With the suitcase.
-Literally the reason we're in London.
-Oh, right.
-Yeah, I don't see anybody.
-How can that be?
And how is he covering ground so fast?
This city is packed.
[in British accent] Through the secret
escape tunnels in the British sewers.
[groans]
Why don't you Americans know anything?
[Lana] Huh. Does she know
what she's talking about?
I truly have no idea.
[groans] So, how far
do we walk through human feces
before we decide this isn't
a secret escape tunnel?
Bermuda! Ha!
Not sure this sewer is transatlantic.
No. My proof that I'm fun.
Fifteen years ago in Bermuda.
Oh, You mean, Bermuda, Bermuda?
Back when we were first together?
We were on that stakeout,
and it was taking a really long time.
By the river.
I was fun with you four times.
Then two more times in the river.
Sploosh and bam.
-Nope, doesn't count.
-Oh? Why not?
Because you never did it again,
and now you've depressed me
by making me remember,
actively sucking the fun away.
And that's the last
active sucking you'll ever get.
-Phrasing.
-Obviously!
[Malory] Everyone, our man
is approaching the London Eye.
[laughs] Look out, old Blighty!
Cornelius Varma is coming
for one last hurrah.
Okay, to catch this guy,
I say we surface to the street,
hijack a speedboat, and joyride
through the River Thames.
Or we just keep moving this way,
which would be ten times faster.
See? No fun.
Oh, God, of course this happens
when I'm in a van without bazookas.
Take a left at the corner.
There's an open alley we can fit through.
No, they shuttered that ages ago.
The only way through London at this hour
is the chockablock route.
The chockablock route?
We nearly died last time.
Since when are you afraid
of a little danger?
We'll need a bike.
[motorcycle engine revving]
-[motorcyclist groans]
-Seems I've secured one.
Oh, Cornelius.
-Do you think they're going to--
-Yep.
There. Wait.
Why would he get on a Ferris wheel?
Wow, you're really
not getting this "fun" thing.
I mean it's a dead end, you dick.
Shit. Not if you have a helicopter.
Everybody get here. Now.
-Yes, ma'am.
-Go where? It's bumper-to-bumper.
Then I guess the bumper is coming with us.
-[Cyril shrieks]
-Ah!
-Upshift! Upshift!
-Damn it, woman! Would you like to drive?
I thought you'd never ask.
[Cheryl screaming]
It's okay! We're Americans.
-[screams]
-[Cyril] Oh, whoa.
-Tchotchkes!
-I see them.
-I meant avoid them.
-[laughs] Oops. Next time.
Damn. This guy's good
at climbing Ferris wheels.
Where is everyone?
We made it! [panting]
[in British accent]
My sincerest apologies.
Remember that time we were scouting
that iron ore mine in Madagascar,
and you told me not to
swallow ferromagnetic flakes?
Archer, it's not the time.
Always the time, Lana.
Because if I had listened to you then--
You wouldn't have vomited chunks
that stuck to the break room fridge
so they had to throw the whole thing away?
Well, yeah, that.
And also, I wouldn't have
the idea to do this.
Whoo-hoo!
I am the magnet master!
North and south polarities
are mine to command.
[Lana] Be careful.
-[Fabian] Yeah, Archer. Listen to Mummy.
-Fabian?
You really haven't changed the frequency
of your comms after I broke
into them last time?
Top-notch spy craft there.
How's this for spy craft?
[grunts]
-[people gasp]
-[Fabian] I would say, not great.
And I would say, shut up.
Archer! The helicopter!
Backup would be nice anytime. Pam? Cheryl?
[Pam burps]
[laughs] I have no idea what
we're supposed to be doing,
but I think you own a rugby team now.
[in British accent]
Whoo-hoo! Long live the zombie king!
Gotta admit, this was way more fun
than acting like normal tourists.
[in normal voice] You know,
tourism was developed by the British
to drum up support for the expansion
of an increasingly destructive empire.
Its violent, cannibalistic success
is basically the reason
the world will end in 50 years.
Bullshit.
[in British accent] See you boys
on the pitch or court or whatever.
-Wait!
-I know. Traffic's on the right.
-[tires screeching]
-[gasping]
[Cyril] Sorry!
[screaming]
-[creaking]
-[all screaming]
I can't help but notice that your team
is not as polished as we used to be.
Eh, you work with the people you can get.
Archer! Jump!
Sorry, mind if I use you for something?
[grunts]
[screams]
Lana!
Now that's splashy.
Wait, wait, wait, what about,
"How's that for a splash?"
You know what?
-Whoops.
-I could have died.
-How'd you know I'd react in time?
-I didn't.
Ha! You are fun.
Well, thank you, Max Eisenhardt.
Hey, call me Magneto.
[sirens wailing]
-[all] Yeah!
-[Krieger] Kanpai!
Krieger, what's the chatter in parliament?
They're blaming the incident on the IIA.
Cornelius gave them a photo of
an employee who looks exactly like Cyril.
Oh, who's the unlucky handsome devil?
This guy doesn't look like me.
-He's just dough-faced and depressed.
-Sounds like they nailed it.
So, what are you gonna do
with the bug now?
-Sell it to the highest bidder?
-I'm holding on to it.
You never know when you'll need
to knock the powerful down a peg.
Wow, Mother, I thought the only principles
you stuck to were dry martinis
and never tipping the help.
-Apparently, I have a third.
-That's strangely nice.
But why was Cornelius so willing
to put his life on the line for us?
Exactly how close were you two?
Let's just say he knows
his way around a catsuit.
-And let's not say anything else.
-Uh…
-Is that zinc oxide in your cleavage?
-Yes. That's from a boating trip.
-Stop. Don't say it.
-A motorboating trip.
Oh. Oh. [laughs]
Still got it.